# CSci-4611 Assignment 3:  Earthquake
```Clara Huang
   huan2089
```

##Main design ideas
1. For the setting the plane vertex, normals, indices and texture coordinates part, I put them in earth.cc. I update the indices array and texture array in the init() function since both sphere version and plane version share the same texture arrays and indices array. For updating the vertices array and normals array, I create a function morph() to control the morphing of every version of earth. Like the plane version, the sphere version and their intermediate transition version.
2. Fo the earthquake in plane and sphere versions, I create plane_earthquake() and sphere_earthquake() functions in quake_app.cc to draw the earthquakes. So to draw one past year's earthquakes, I record the start time point's most recent earthquake, and the current time's most recent earthquake, then I use a for loop to draw all of the earthquakes between them. For drawing them, I firstly scale them based on the ratio that its magnitude comparing to the largest earthquake's magnitude. Then I transit them based on their location on the earth. For their color, I set three levels, when the magnitude ratio(ratio) is larger than 0.7, the earthquake will be black; when the ratio is larger than 0.4 but smaller than 0.7, then the earthquake will be red; when the ratio is smaller than 0.4, then the earthquake is yellow.
3. For having the smooth transition between sphere and plane, I have a function morph() to take care of this. It has an argument, a, which controls the set up of vertices array and normals array for each animation version. When do the transition, I change the a in updatesimulation() function to have it changing between 0 and 1 based on how many times you press the Globe key. And call morph() based on the current a value. And in the drawOpenGl() function, I utilize all functions I mentioned before to draw every version of earth and their relative earthquakes. In function morph(), I utilize mingfx built-in function Lerp() to alculate the interpolate between sphere version and plane version. When a  = 0, it will be sphere, while a = 1, it will be plane. For other values of a in interval[0,1], it will be the interpolate between these two versions and it helps with the smooth transition.
